This is the Emacs user directory setup written by Chris Frisz. It
provides a number of global and programming-language customizations to
Emacs, all of which are tested on Emacs 23 and should be compatible
with Emacs 22 (though that hasn't been tested yet).

There are four major components to this repository, listed as follows:

.emacs:
	The .emacs file used to load all of the contents of this
	repository. It is assumed to be in the top-level user
	directory. In other words, Emacs will not find this file
	(without customization through *another* .emacs file) unless
	it is placed outside this repository.

global.el:
	An Emacs Lisp file that loads global values (such as standard
	time string formats used across different files) and
	miscellaneous settings that don't belong anywhere.

lang:
	A directory containing per-programming-language customization
	settings. This includes a .el file named for each language,
	and for those that have additional files, they are included in
	a directory named for the language. Customarily these
	additional files are loaded by the main [lang].el file. As of
	now the languages with customization files are as follows:

		C
		Scheme

lisp:
	A directory containing custom Emacs Lisp function
	definitions. The current set are as follows:

	load.el:
		A simple file to load all the other scripts in the
		directory. Also adds appropriate hooks as necessary.

	file-doc.el:
		An interactive function, callable by "M-x
		insert-file-doc" which inserts file-level
		documentation into the top of a file, including the
		file's name, author name, creation date (current date
		as of running the script), and last modified date
		(also the current date as of writing the script). This
		should work for all languages with proper
		customizations (given in the "lang" directory), but as
		of yet isn't robust to buffers with different language
		modes.

	update-modify.el:
		A function to update the "Last modified" date for the
		file as generated by the "insert-file-doc"
		function. This is added as a "before-save-hook"
		function and isn't really intended for interactive use
		(since it should do automatic work for you).


This having been written up fairly quickly and as-of-yet with little
documentation, there are many traps to fall into both with
undiscovered bugs and undocumented requirements for certain
features. Please use this at your own risk and contact me at
cjfrisz@indiana.edu with any questions or comments.